Add option to create an edit without committing it (#273)
r0adkll/upload-google-play: README.md

  debugSymbols: app/intermediates/merged_native_libs/release/out/lib
```

> ### Uploading multiple bundles to the same release
> 
> To bundle artifacts (e.g. mobile + TV variants) into a single release, run the first upload with `commitChanges: false` and reuse the resulting `editId` in the next step:
> 
> ```yaml
> - name: Upload mobile to Play Store
>   id: upload_mobile
>   uses: r0adkll/upload-google-play@v1
>   with:
>     serviceAccountJsonPlainText: ${{ secrets.SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON }}
>     packageName: com.example.MyApp
>     releaseFiles: app-mobile/build/outputs/bundle/release/*.aab
>     track: internal
>     status: draft
>     commitChanges: false
> 
> - name: Upload TV to Play Store
>   uses: r0adkll/upload-google-play@v1
>   with:
>     serviceAccountJsonPlainText: ${{ secrets.SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON }}
>     packageName: com.example.MyApp
>     releaseFiles: app-tv/build/outputs/bundle/release/*.aab
>     track: internal
>     status: draft
>     existingEditId: ${{ steps.upload_mobile.outputs.editId }}
> ```
> 

Reviewer: In this example, what's stopping you from using standard glob patterns to send multiple release files at once?

```suggestion
### Uploading multiple bundles to the same release

To bundle artifacts (e.g. mobile + TV variants) into a single release, specify a `releaseFiles` pattern that grabs all desired bundles

```yaml
- name: Upload to Play Store
  uses: r0adkll/upload-google-play@v1
  with:
    serviceAccountJsonPlainText: ${{ secrets.SERVICE_ACCOUNT_JSON }}
    packageName: com.example.MyApp
    releaseFiles: app-tv/build/outputs/bundle/release/*.aab,app-mobile/build/outputs/bundle/release/*.aab
    track: internal
    status: draft
    existingEditId: ${{ steps.upload_mobile.outputs.editId }}
```

```
